# My foray to overseas MS (Aug 2016 - present)

As mush as I cherish getting this opportunity, there have been bitter and sweet memories during these 3 years. A novel though that just flew by at 4:24 AM made me to sit and take some quick notes.

My Nanaji passed away on Nov 10th, 2016 so it’s been 3+ years to that and I understood life doesn’t stop. My mother passed away on June 6th 2019 and it’s been 6 months to that already, again, life doesn’t stop. I pledge to myself today while remembering them both, I will tirelessly work for my development here onwards.

Here are some learnings I had while studying, working in the US and again back to India.

1. Friendships are hard to come by - In these 3 years I came across many people, only one became long term friend who is to stay.
2. Regret of not being to spend time with loved ones is killing - I would add it to top in the life goals list. No matter how adventurous things I achieve in life, I’ll regret not fulfilling this one.
3. I would again love to do it, go out in the unknown territory, explore the world and build a new life - only this time with lot informed decisions.
4. It’s always worth taking risks, especially the one where you’re uncertain of the end result. There is no fun in embarking of a journey if you’re familiar with its entirety.
5. In my thoughts I have always been true to myself. But have not done much to work on my shortcomings. I want to do well in Machine Learning field but haven’t been practicing much. I lack heavily on hands on experience, okay, here’s the truth in blunt words. I’ve got my first job in N-Join without much hands on, then got another with Ai Reverie based on recommendation from N-Join (again very less hands on or useful work), the worked for Fractal analytics on completely out of my interest SQL work (although I learned many other things here). Now I am working for Samsung R&D India (supposedly on DL) but again it’s just floating on the water. There is no deep dive, am doing nothing for my development in this perspective.

So I COMMIT today to work hard on this front of my life. Additionally, things I want to explore and excel into are:
- Kaggle competitions
- Upload my work to Github
- Video creation of my work, things I love (maybe Vlog, blog etc.)
- Get back to SPORTS, be fully fit throughout 2020 and achieve best physical shape
- Read for 30 mins before sleeping. Complete 124 books in 2020.
